# Assignment 4: Data Visualization in Python 3 #

In this assignment you have to use your knowledge of modular programming and visualization in Python. 

The assignment has three intergrated problems and you have to _solve all three_. You should use the series data set available [here](https://github.com/CHCAA-EDUX/Programming-for-the-Humanities-E21/tree/main/dat/series). By default, the assignments assume that you use `matplotlib`, but if you prefer to use another library that is a fully acceptable solution.

## 1. Custom Plotting Function ##

Write a function that can take a (time) series and a filename as input and generates a series visualization that is stored under the filename.

## 2. Modify Figure Properties ##

Modify the color and linewidth of the series visualization generated by custom plotting function of problem 1. Further more, add a title to the visualization and labels on the x and y axis. Make these parameters customizable in the custom plotting function.

Visit the [Pyplot tutorial](https://matplotlib.org/stable/tutorials/introductory/pyplot.html) for information on figure properties.

## 3. To Stack or not to Stack ##

In this problem you have to make two plots from at least eight series objects (rows) in one data file, e.g., [series-01.csv](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CHCAA-EDUX/Programming-for-the-Humanities-E21/main/dat/series/series-01.csv). In the first plot, you have to stack the eight series in one plot, that is, they shold all be in the same plot window (i.e., stacked on top of each other). In the second plot, each series object should have its own subplot (i.e., a total of eight 'unstacked' subplots). Discuss the advantage/disadvantage of stacked vs unstacked plotting of series data.
